Hey, are you fucking crazy?
Dare to smoke something in this turtle bag, Brother Six
I see that a few of them are alive and impatient.
You should give them some color and see
Do you hear me?
Just tell you
Very impressive, do you know?
They should be Zhao Yongshuo's fleeing failure
Haha, it's delicious to eat.
Don't I look good when I drink spicy food?
Hahaha, I have consciousness.
Hahaha, are you ready to serve our brothers?
material advertising
Hahaha, you also match the sixth and eighth.
Don't think I don't know
You are not even eligible to enter the survivor camp
Take them with you.
Are you hiding like a mouse?
Ouch boy
Sister knows our name
Dare to run wild on our turf
Tell you
We Ghost Fire Gang are not jealous Ghost Fire Gang
Are you afraid haha
Just the two of you
Dad this
Look down on us
Haha, I'm afraid, right?
Hahahaha, okay?
Hahahaha